---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

This week marked the beginning of my last semester of college. It's exciting, and a little terrifying, but I'm hoping to make the most of my last few months in school. We've only had one lecture in CS373F so far. We went over the syllabus, some aspects of Python, and the first project. I've taken Object Oriented Programming (OOP) with Professor Downing, and the first project in this class mirrors it (though OOP is C++). While this is Prof. Fraij's first time teaching this class, I had him last semester for Algorithms and enjoyed the lectures, so I'm confident this course will be a worthwhile learning experience.

The first project involves the Collatz conjecture, and returning the largest 'cycle' that the conjecture produces in a range of integers. The solution itself is fairly straightforward, though implementing a cache as an optimization makes it a little more interesting. As I mentioned earlier, I took OOP last year, so the project itself isn't new to me, and it mostly serves as a way to familiarize yourself with the tools that are used in the course. These tools serve important purpose and are used for: continuous integration, git, issue tracking, documentation generation, coverage tools, and unit testing. The first project introduces you to all of them. I'm familiar with all of these from OOP, as well as industry experience, but the Python specific ones are new to me. While I have some Python experience, I've never used coverage tools or a unit testing framework, so this is a great opportunity to learn how to use them.

##### Tip of the Week
This summer, I was introduced to [fasd](https://github.com/clvv/fasd), a command-line tool that helps increase productivity. Notably, it lets you jump between any directories you've accessed before conveniently.

As an example: `z Des` will take me to my `~/Desktop/` directory, no matter where I am in my file system. It's neat.
