---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

My past week was a lot calmer than I expected. In class we learned about a couple new operators (* and **), that are used for list 
packing/unpacking and dictionary packing/unpacking respectively. I'd never been exposed to these operators in Python, so I found the
lectures enlightening. We also discussed lambdas and closures, which I'd been exposed to, but don't have a lot of experience in. We briefly
worked on writing our own iterator (a RangeIterator), and are supposed to be picking that up on this week in class.

As of right now, there isn't a lot in my way. We've got an exam coming up in this class, and as a result, we don't have a project to work 
on at the moment. I've finished up most of my work that's due for other classes this week.

As for the rest of this week, the plan is to focus on the upcoming test for this class (on Thursday). We're allowed to bring a double-sided
notesheet, with the caveat that we aren't allowed to have any actual code on it. I started studying today, and hope to keep a steady pace
so I'll be prepared for the test. So far, I've been working through the material we've discussed in lecture, and have started building
my notesheet off of that information. After I've reviewed all of that material, I'll review the relevant chapters from the textbook (I've
been neglecting those readings), and then I'll mess around with writing some code. I think the best way to prepare for this test will be to
implement some of the functions and classes we've discussed in class, and then mess around with them. I imagine I'll be spending a bit of 
time toying around in the Python interpreter.

##### Tip of the Week
A little more relevant to this class, but the class notes that are on Canvas are very helpful. I hadn't looked at them before today, but
they're thorough and cover the material that was discussed in lecture. It's worth checking out as we get closer to our first exam.
