---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

My last week was pretty busy, as my group and I worked to finish the first phase of the IDB project. I worked on the frontend for the site.
I didn't have any prior experience doing frontend development, so a lot of my time was spent combing over tutorials and experimenting. As
we got further into the project, however, I slowly started to understand what I was doing. As overwhelming as it was initially, I was very
satisfied by what we managed to pull together at the end. Frontend work has always been a little intimidating to me, not having touched
it before, but now I'm finding it a little more approachable. I'm looking forward to going over the spec for the next phase of the project,
so we can get an early start. I think it might be a little easier than the first phase, with less work to do overall, but we won't know
until the spec is posted.

In class, we started going over JSON and XML schemas. I'm familiar with both, though I've only directly worked with JSON before. The
lectures were pretty easy to follow, though there were a lot of small details that I'm sure I've already forgotten. I'll have to go over
the github files to really commit the details to memory. Other than that, though, it looks like my week will be pretty quiet. Other than
phase 2 of this project coming up, I've got an exam and a lab at the end of this coming week, but since those are the only things on
my plate, they shouldn't be the cause for too much stress.

##### Tip of the Week
Bootstrap has some icons built into it, but [Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/) has an even bigger variety! We ended up pulling it into
our site.
