---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

This week in class we had two different groups of guest speakers from the industry. On Tuesday, we had a group from Spiceworks, and on 
Thursday we had some engineers from Pariveda talk. Even though I'm not looking for a job anymore, it's beneficial to hear about the 
different tools and processes different companies use in their day-to-day. It's also good to hear about what the culture is like at 
different companies across the industry. There was an interesting contrast, since Spiceworks described their culture as very startup-like,
while Pariveda does consulting. I'd never really considered consulting while I was looking for jobs, so it's nice to have that on my radar,
as a future possibility.

Right now, my group for the IDB project is busy working on the second phase, which is due this Thursday. This phase of the project involves
dynamically fetching data from the database. Last week I was a little busy, so I didn't get to work on it as much as I'd have liked, but
I made some progress today (Monday). I ran into an interesting problem: I wanted to start working on refactoring the frontend to hit our
API endpoints, but the database wasn't ready. As a solution, I refactored our mock data to be closer to the way our API will work. It
involved duplicating some data, but now, we should be able to transition to using the API pretty smoothely, once it's ready. I still have 
to take a crack at pagination, but it's a good start.

I'm also planning on reviewing some of the XML/JSON stuff we went over two weeks ago. Some of the in-class quizzes were a little more 
detailed than I anticipated, and I didn't do as well on those quizzes as I'd have liked.

##### Tip of the Week
A couple weeks ago, a lot of popular websites were unreachable for hours after a DNS service was DDoS'd. The attack involved a botnet that's 
comprised mostly of IoT devices. It's a little crazy how a single attack could affect so many users. [Here's an article talking about it](http://arstechnica.com/security/2016/10/double-dip-internet-of-things-botnet-attack-felt-across-the-internet/)
